> practice assertive and powerfull poses(body language) . our nonverbal govern how we think and feel about ourselves.
> 3 main part of presentation : First, preview. Tell your audience what you're going to tell them. Pull them in and get them excited about what you're going to show them.
Next, tell them more. Go over your important points and add the details and evidence that make your product stand out.Finally, review.Summarize your main points and leave them with a strong, powerful message about you and your product. For every presentation, ask yourself, do I have the three tells, intro, body, conclusion? 

1. Small Talks : 
   > greetings(opening line,self introduction) + topic discussion(ask qtns ,listen carefully, show interest) . popular topics : hobbies , family , news, native place , sports .
   ex. p1 : hello! my name is hrishikesh . what's your name ? p2: hello, i am sam p1 : nice to meet you,sam . this is great event,isn't it ?what brings you here  p2:i am here for work and you ?
       p1: what king of work you do ? p2: tech analyst p1 : so you're in tech?what do you think about my new phone ? p2 : wow, it's really great. p1: have you tried new restaurant across street ? p2 : no but heard a lot about it .  p1: i would really like to try it . would you like to join me ?
       
2. stress and intonation : 
   > stress(& longer) content words (Action verbs(teach,sing), Nouns, adjectives(big,small), adverbs(quickly,fast), WH Questions Words(who,what), and Negatives(no,never).) . if you remove content words sentence will not make any sense. 
   > Don't stress(& softer) structure words(prepositions(in,on), pronouns(it,she),articles, modals(can,could), helping verbs(be,do).) . if you remove them sentence will still make sense.
   > intonation (rising and lowering voice) : at the end of sentence
   
 3. Elevator Speech :
    > tell story about you. give facts about you.show why you are imp to them . should lead to future engegment.(intro+little background+connection(i know about yr comp,you)+ask(meeting,internship)+close(so nice meeting you))
    > Clearly introduces her/himself ,Includes at least 1-2 interesting details about themselves,Includes at least 1 reason for why they are important to the listener, Concludes         by reaching out to the listener to continue the conversation in the future .
    > speed(speak slowly ,use pauses to highlight imp inf) , volume(change from word/sentence to word/sentence) , body language(eye contact,stand tall,natural) 
    >i am so happy to meet you. i am hrishikesh bele . i graduated from iit kharagpur . i am deeply interested in field of data sceince.i work at xyz as abc .  i know about your company.i am just facinated by it .you know i would actually love to stay in contact with .can you give your contact details so i can discuss my ideas with you. it was nice meeting you. 
    
 4. group discussion : 
   > point to agree : Yes, I agree, It looks good to me, I think so, too, I definitely agree .
   > point to disagree :  I'm afraid, I don't agree,I'm sorry, but I don't agree, That's interesting, but I'd prefer something different, Actually, I disagree.
   > seek clarification : Excuse me, I didn't hear that. Could you say it again?, Sorry, I missed what you just said. Could you repeat that please?, I'm sorry. Could you explain that again? , Excuse me, could you tell me what that means? .
   > say something :  Excuse me. Can I say something here?,Could I interrupt you for a minute?, Sorry to interrupt, but I'd like to say something here.
   > response to Show you Understand: Thanks, now I get it, I see, I understand now. Thank you, Thank you, it’s a lot clearer to me now.

5. Telephone Call : 
   >need more information, or have a request:Could you give me more information about this? ,Do you have a minute to review this? , Would you mind going over this with me?
   > ans positively : Yes, I'd be happy to, Certainly, what would you like to know? , Of course.
   > don't have ans : I'm sorry, I'm unable to confirm at this time. I'll get back with you as soon as I can, Unfortunately, I'm not able to at this time. Could I call you back , Sorry, I'm busy right now, but will be happy to call you back.
   > closing : Thanks so much. I look forward to speaking with you again. Goodbye, It's been great talking to you. Thank you. Goodbye, I've enjoyed this conversation and hope we'll talk again soon. Goodbye.

6.body language : 
> posture , facial expression , hand gestures , tone of voice (practice mirroring)

